Add 'solvers' configuration to ACME Issuer (#1450)
jetstack/cert-manager: docs/tasks/acme/configuring-dns01/index.rst

=====================================
Configuring DNS01 Challenge Providers
=====================================

> This page contains details on the different options available on the Issuer's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page contains details on the different options available on the ``Issuer`` resource's
```
